Drink less.
Do you know how happy I am every day?
And my hope is getting closer.
I can not sleep every day.
I've been hiding for so long.
Finally waited for this day.
Alright.
What?
When I first met him.
I think you are a scoundrel.
But then
I found out he was a kind, hungry, silly man.
But in the end I am sure
What is it?
What a scoundrel.
She harassed me.
You said take white trade with me.
Hey, you are really a very special person.
I checked.
Money in Swiss bank.
Never.
Give to people around.
I bought myself a pair of canvas shoes.
Yes.
You are beautiful in the eyes of your lover.
Don't you like me?
That money.
I'd rather take all the money.
Change your health
Peaceful.
You are not human now.
No one can ignore billions.
You are the only one like that.